hey guys Dolph Ziggler is 77 back again
I'm going to do an unboxing videos you
can tell by the title and for this is
from two fellow youtubers to up and
rising one's pretty new while making
videos so one is from jai hardy fan 811
or 8 11 and the other one is Hulk Hogan
320 and I'll put their channels and the
description box so if you could
subscribe to them but before I get to
that I just go back from my trip to
Texas couple hours ago and I want to
show you some of my pickups John Cena at
TLC one of 1000 edition um got this out
target I've never seen a 1 in 1,000
mattel figure in store got it nine bucks
so there's a wonder 1000 right there to
go from my collection I am Sheikh
legends figure series 2 is on clearance
for three dollars and seventy two cents
so I'm I wish they had other legends
figures which out so there's like the
classic superstars my first legend Ziggy
my second legend figure Jake the snake
Roberts series 2 again Clarence three
hours 72 cents with the snake so is the
back so um let's get started with the
amok oh do January in a way it's from
jRD fan 811 we're doing a trade hand i
told them i shipped my package when i
got back from texas so tomorrow um his
package is down there
okay got a note he said I thought you
might want in my autograph to Dolph
Ziggler 77 has a picture of Jeff Hardy
right there no way out um he's a big
game party fan so right there there's
autograph oh yeah so let's get started
on them here's the DB SummerSlam 2009
onward on TLC match Jeff Hardy was
sampling great match it's open this up
right there let's get to this delete
actually I'll do that dr. Stone Cold
Steve Austin I'm not scary right here um
Series A five all right here Platinum
Edition has some minor damages but yeah
my not some single images so there you
go there it is stunkel Elite Series
seven Triple H right there there it is
that's my first week to bleach so yeah
um included some cards that was nice let
me just get them out huh okay here she
talked to Jerry Lawler Christian Ricky
the dragon steamboat I'm million dollar
man ted dibiase Thank You Jay running 10
8 11 um here's so go subscribe to him
down link in the description box poke
poke in 320 as you guys know I sent out
my Christian Mattel one of 1000 to get
autograph so thank you very much and I
gave them some Jeff Hardy item and um
loss is really difficult we taped like
this but um yes good
stab it right in the love um but yeah so
he got my Christian autograph so he's
really nice and on he makes great videos
he gives a lot of people shout outs and
yeah just go subscribe to him you have a
great Ruslan collection he has a lot of
open figure it's like a lot but gives a
lot of relics and stuff but get this
thing open okay we started here's the
first figure Elite Series eight
Undertaker right here as the edge and
serious i want to be able to get that
there it is the trench coat on stuff
beautiful thank you and Christian
preparedness that's nice right here
here's the back as you guys know in
started Christian figure have some minor
damages but right there autographed
thank you there's no smudges to it's a
perfect autograph um so there it is I
don't know if you guys there it is
autograph right there so thank you has
some minor damages from the mail but
still mattel figure alone that goes for
thirty bucks with an autograph that's
thank you very much for shawna go
walkies getting life a video when it
gets it signed let's capture your
autograph Christian wonder what the
Elven Elite Series eight some cards jrt
fan 8 11 this is a paper Elite Series
seven Triple H Stone Cold Steve Austin
on match very Jake the snake Roberts
legends Iron Sheik legends and John Cena
10 1000 TLC so thanks for watching I'm
no sigler 77 please comment rate
subscribe peace